hello sexy spider welcome guys to
episode 609 of Minecraft and i'm using
the cute mobs models mod now you may
remember these prefaces from the mob
talker mob that I reviewed there not too
long ago my 600 video and add this is a
Japanese a Japanese mud developer has
transformed them into real mobs because
before there were just 2d images that
you could interact with and and now he's
actually made their models and there you
can see that that evil spider is chasing
me doesn t have to kill you alright so
here we go will spawn the creeper and oh
you can see they're identical basically
to the 2d pictures I'm just a little bit
less grafica graphy occur if I could
make up that world bad word butter a
little bit less detailed but still you
get the point you can see that she's
wearing a hoodie and along the lines of
that and if you wonder if they still
have the same properties as a creeper
yes they do all these mobs have the same
properties but there have been reskinned
and remodeled so if a puncher she will
explode and leave her furious creeper
hole behind and same with these skeleton
the skeleton took me a while to figure
out what she is because at first time i
spawned it i thought that was its face
but it's actually a hat and you can see
your face over here that I is a kind of
dull but you can see definitely see that
she's a girl and they should just shut
herself yep show you your best shot yep
yep yep okay yep you want you want to
shoot me again sometimes I'm yeah I do
notice there it is still a bit buggy
like I've noticed them how she can't
shooting very well very efficiently and
also a head bobbing up and down it's the
first time I've seen that over here we
have the andaman and he's just kindly
she has kindly enough taking my block
and this is from the previous episode oh
when I destroyed my house and die you're
gonna give my block back I just gonna
take it and a little orange the orange
mate
purple dust trail huh huh silly woman
now in the beginning of the oh dear God
go away in the beginning of the video I
this is gonna be a problem this oh okay
nope nope ok not nope you still want to
be a problem nope ok no yeah enough of
you so this is the spire ender you can
see that it can actually escape from the
fence and a if I actually show you guys
that I was kind of caught off guard I
forgot that it still had all the spider
properties so it can actually climb
fences so I look at me look at me jump
there we go jump Dixie and there we go
and it drops all the same things because
basically this is all the same stuff now
this is an ender and pink not another
and a pig a pig pig man right here kill
the pig drag a pig man and neither
called my Pig dragon and here is a a
zombie dead zombie there we go left with
the creeper let's go kill the creeper
and then finally we're left with these
sort of a buggy and the skeleton is sort
of the most buggiest if you can say that
the out of all the am sort of mobs if
there are there though these are all the
mobs they can actually create you can
only spawn them all they actually spawn
naturally but if you want if you want
just muck around with him you can only
need to do is just spawn the eggs in
like so now this pretty lady is a ghast
and she escaped my nice little farm long
ago and that she's been haunting my
house up in the rafters basically and a
fine i think i've every aggregated her
before and that's just started throwing
fireballs at me you're stealing woman
all right oh dear god they have escaped
how'd it go ah the end of heart look
what you've done they have done an
escape plane the Endermen has actually
taken this grass block allowing them to
climb out and escape look at that You
cheeky bugger look look you've made them
an escape plan look everyone escaped my
little jail fine I'll just put myself in
there so I wreck this mod an 8 out of 10
fruits actually really like how a mod
influenced a modder so it vertically
created another mod out of it tender
this is really well done oh the only
observations that I just wanted to
pick up was the skeleton sort of was a
kind of bit buggy and also these sort of
attacks that the mobs do kind of off
judging because they're probably
remodeled and I had to modify a lot of
the sort from the skeleton had to draw
back at the arrow and stuff like that
but other than that it's an amazing
model of how to use them another mod to
be influenced and be created this mod
which is a really great it's an amazing
japanese modern that these japanese mod
developers keep on amazing me so I think
you guys for watching don't forget to
rate comment and subscribe and I'm gonna
have a little bit of fun with my
Endermen and my zombie girlfriend